[docs] Add Rendering section (#267)
mui-org/material-ui-x: docs/src/pages/components/data-grid/rendering/rendering.md

# Data Grid - Rendering

> <p class="description">The grid is highly customizable. Take advantage of a React first implementation.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p class="description">The grid is highly customizable. Take advantage of a React-first implementation.</p>
```

## Column definitions

### Header cell

## Layout

> By default, the grid has no intrinsic dimensions, it occupies the space its parent leaves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the grid has no intrinsic dimensions. It occupies the space its parent leaves.
```

### Flex layout

> It's recommanded to use a flex container to render the grid. It allows flexible layout, resize well, and works on all devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's recommended to use a flex container to render the grid. This allows a flexible layout, resizes well, and works on all devices.
```

{{"demo": "pages/components/data-grid/rendering/FlexLayoutGrid.js"}}

### Predefiend dimensions

> You can predefine dimensions for the parent of the grid

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can predefine dimensions for the parent of the grid.
```

{{"demo": "pages/components/data-grid/rendering/FixedSizeGrid.js"}}

### Auto height

> The `autoHeight` prop allows to size the grid according to its content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `autoHeight` prop allows the grid to size according to its content.
```

> This means that the number of rows will drive the height of the grid and consequently, they all be rendered and visible to the user at the same time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that the number of rows will drive the height of the grid and consequently, they will all be rendered and visible to the user at the same time.
```

"visible to the user" 

Not if outside the viewport!

> > ⚠️ This is not recommended for large dataset as row virtualization will not be able to improve performance by limiting the number of elements rendered on the DOM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ This is not recommended for large dataset as row virtualization will not be able to improve performance by limiting the number of elements rendered in the DOM.
```

{{"demo": "pages/components/data-grid/rendering/AutoHeightGrid.js"}}

## Virtualization

DOM virtualization is the feature that allows the grid to handle an unlimited\* number of rows and columns.

> This feature is built-in the rendering engine and greatly improve rendering performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a is built-in feature of the rendering engine and greatly improve rendering performance.
```

> _unlimited\*: Browsers set a limit on the number of pixels a scrollbar can contain: 17.5 million pixels on Firefox, 33.5 million pixels on Chrome, Edge, and Safari. A [reproduction](https://codesandbox.io/s/beautiful-silence-1yifo?file=/src/App.js)._

Reviewer: Scrollbar?

### Row virtualization <span role="img" title="Enterprise">⚡️</span>

Row virtualization is the insertion and removal of rows as the grid scrolls vertically.

> The grid renders twice as many rows that are visible. It's not configurable yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The grid renders twice as many rows as are visible. It isn't configurable yet.
```

Row virtualization is limited to 100 rows in the `DataGrid` component.

### Column virtualization

Column virtualization is the insertion and removal of columns as the grid scrolls horizontally.

- Overscanning by at least one column allows the arrow key to focus on the next (not yet visible) item.
- Overscanning slightly can reduce or prevent a flash of empty space when a user first starts scrolling.
- Overscanning more allows the built-in search feature of the browser to find more matching cells.
- Overscanning too much can negatively impact performance.

> By default, 2 columns are rendered outside of the viewport. You can change this option with the `columnBuffer` prop. The following demo renders 1,000 columns:

Reviewer: >renders 1,000 columns 

In total? Outside the viewport? Something else?

{{"demo": "pages/components/data-grid/rendering/ColumnVirtualizationGrid.js"}}

You can disable column virtualization by setting the column buffer to a higher number than the number of rendered columns, e.g. with `columnBuffer={columns.length}` or `columnBuffer={Number.MAX_SAFE_INTEGER}`.

## Components

> As part of the customization API, the grid allows to replace and override the following components:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As part of the customization API, the grid allows you to replace and override the following components:
```

### Render cell

By default, the grid render the value as a string in the cell.
It resolves the rendered output in the following order:

1. `renderCell() => ReactElement`
1. `valueFormatter() => string`
1. `valueGetter() => string`
1. `row[field]`

The `renderCell` method of the column definitions is similar to `valueFormatter`.
However, it trades to be able to only render in a cell in exchange for allowing to return a React node (instead of a string).

```tsx
const columns: ColDef[] = [
  { field: 'id', hide: true },
  {
    field: 'date',
    headerName: 'Year',
    renderCell: (params: ValueFormatterParams) => (
      <strong>
        {(params.value as Date).getFullYear()}{' '}
        <span role="img" aria-label="birthday">
          🎂
        </span>
      </strong>
    ),
  },
];
```

{{"demo": "pages/components/data-grid/rendering/RenderCellGrid.js", "defaultCodeOpen": false}}

### Render header

You can customize the look of each header with the `renderHeader` method.
It takes precedence over the `headerName` property.

```tsx
const columns: ColDef[] = [
  { field: 'id', hide: true },
  {
    field: 'date',

>     width: 500,

Reviewer 2: you can add a column type here to render the date formatted

Author: Great idea

> By default, the pagination uses the [TablePagination](/components/pagination/#table-pagination) component that is optimized for handling tabular data. This demo replaces it with the [Pagination](/components/pagination/) component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, pagination uses the [TablePagination](/components/pagination/#table-pagination) component that is optimized for handling tabular data. This demo replaces it with the [Pagination](/components/pagination/) component.
```
